Easylife Switcher
========

Configurable products switcher v2.3.2

Notice
----------

<strike>Most probably version 2.2.0 is going to be the last version of this module (unless someone finds a flagrant bug).</strike>  
Well...I was wrong. Here is version 2.3.1. Someone found a flagrant bug.    
Here it goes again: **Most probably version 2.3.1 is going to be the last version of this module (unless someone finds a flagrant bug).**  
Magento already has a color swatch module included in the core starting with version 1.9.1 Use that one.

What it does
-------

This is a Magento extension that allows you to change the configurable products dropdowns to labels, colors or images.  
It also allows you to set default configurations, keep the selected options when changing an option from above.  
You can also change the product image or entire media block when the congiruable option is changed and display the simple product image or media block.  
For a full list of features with screenshots included check the [Features list] (https://github.com/tzyganu/Switcher/wiki/features) and the [Configuration](https://github.com/tzyganu/Switcher/wiki/configuration) section.  

Please visit the [wiki](https://github.com/tzyganu/Switcher/wiki) for a full description.

Extension is compatible with CE versions 1.7 and after.  
The CE 1.9.1 version already comes with a configurable swatches extension.  
If you use this extension and disable the core configurable swatches it works without an issue.  
If you have both of them enabled, this extension shamelessly hides the elements generated by the core module.  
It still seams to work, but test carefully specially if you use a custom theme.   
